Introduction
============

This is a study chapter sample that embeds two exercises
in the material. The idea is that the students study the subject
and solve exercises as they proceed in the material.


Multiple choice questionnaire
-----------------------------

The first exercise is a form where student answers and receives
feedback in the place.

.. questionnaire:: 1 7
  :submissions: 4
  :points-to-pass: 0

  This is a questionnaire number 1 that gives at maximum 7 points.
  Students can make at most 4 submissions. This exercise is marked
  passed when 0 points is reached (the default).

  .. pick-one:: 2

    Wait for the question in a code form:

    .. code-block:: none

      answer = 1 + 1

    a. 1
    *b. 2
    c. 3

    a § Too little
    c § Too much

  .. pick-any:: 2

    Which of the following are yellow?

    *a. banana
    *b. butter
    c. sea

    !a § All foods apply.
    !b § All foods apply, including butter.
    c § Sea is not a river.

  .. freetext:: 3 string-ignorews
    :length: 10

    A textual input can be compared with the model as int, float or string.
    Fourth option is regexp which takes the correct answer as a regular
    expression. Strings have comparison modifiers that are separated with hyphen.

    * ignorews: ignore white space (applies to regexp too)
    * ignorequotes: iqnore "quotes" around
    * requirecase: require identical lower and upper cases
    * ignorerepl: ignore REPL prefixes

    Here the correct answer is ``blue``.

    blue
    !blue § Follow the instruction.


A file submission exercise
--------------------------

In the second exercise, the student would receive information and
instruction for writing a small computer program. Finally, the
created program is submitted to this file form for grading.

.. submit:: 2 20
  :config: exercises/hello_python/config.yaml
  :submissions: 10
  :points-to-pass: 0

The submit directive above does not include content. The displayed content
is generated by the configured exercise itself. Similarly to the questionnaire
the default submissions limit and poits-to-pass may be overridden.

Notice that in the last exercise the feedback is always presented in a
dialog. This is good for exercises that receive much longer feedback
than the original submission form.

Testing internal and external links
-----------------------------------

This creates a link to :doc:`another chapter </module02/chapter01>`.
Also `external resources <http://www.google.fi>`_ can be linked
without rst-tools interfering.
